A people-powered cloud, built from the
devices you already own
.
Airweb turns spare laptops, old phones, and idle home servers into tiny public endpoints. Demo an app, reach your home computer from anywhere, or lease a micro-server by the minute — and earn credits while your own devices help carry the load.
get your key &rarr;
restore from existing key
active tunnel right now
pay only for traffic
no install · just ssh
open source
ssh -R
your devices
the public internet
Any local service becomes a public endpoint
supported protocols
If it speaks TCP on
localhost
, Airweb can expose it. HTTP and HTTPS get a shareable subdomain; raw-TCP services get a public
host:port
assigned by the server.
HTTP(S)
80 / 443
SSH
port 22
RDP
port 3389
MySQL
port 3306
PostgreSQL
port 5432
MongoDB
port 27017
Redis
port 6379
VNC
port 5900
Get a local app online in three steps
Get your key
Open the
dashboard
, click
Create account
, and save the downloaded
. Your Ed25519 key
is
your account — no password, no email.
Run one SSH command
Point an
at Airweb. The local port is whatever your app already listens on; the public side is the Airweb host.
ssh -i ./ -p  -R 80:localhost:3000 tunnel@
For raw TCP (databases, SSH, game servers, RDP, …) use
-R 0:localhost:&lt;port&gt;
— the server picks a free public port and prints it.
Share the URL — and earn while it runs
HTTP tunnels get a
&lt;sub&gt;.
URL; raw TCP tunnels get
:&lt;assigned&gt;
. Every minute it stays up, you earn
credit / min
. List it on the marketplace to earn lease income on top.
What you can do with it
Make spare devices useful
That old MacBook in a drawer or the Raspberry Pi on your shelf can quietly serve real traffic. Plug it in, run one
ssh
command, and it joins the network as a working node.
Demo your app in 30 seconds
Spin up a local server, open a tunnel, paste the public URL into a meeting chat. No deploys, no Dockerfiles, no CI — just the code you already have running on
Reach your home computer anywhere
Claim a permanent
&lt;handle&gt;.
for your home box. Files, dashboards, game servers, SSH-into-your-desktop — all reachable from a phone on the other side of the world.
Lease a micro-server by the minute
Need a public endpoint for a webhook test, a workshop, or a weekend project? Rent someone else's tunnel for a few minutes with the credits you earned hosting yours. No monthly bills.
Pay only for the traffic you use
No subscriptions. No "free tier" cliffs. Opening a tunnel is free — you're billed in credits only for the bytes that actually flow through it, and you earn credits every minute your own devices are serving traffic.
your device
public traffic
+ AWB / min
\u2212 bytes \u00d7  AWB/MB
net = earn \u2212 charge
+
AWB / min
Uptime reward while your tunnel is online
Earned when someone leases your tunnel
\u2212
AWB / MB
Charged for bytes that actually flow through
AWB welcome
Free credits the moment you create an account
Idle tunnels cost nothing. The dashboard shows a live earn-vs-charge meter and a 24-hour ledger so the math is never a mystery.
A marketplace, not a billing portal
Airweb is built around a simple loop: plug in a spare device, share its uptime, earn credits, spend them on capacity from other people. Every node is also a customer.
marketplace
peers earn + spend credits
credit flow
Open marketplace
List your spare-device tunnel, set a price per minute, and watch the leases come in. Browse what others offer and rent the right region or hardware for the job.
Learn by hosting
Real reverse SSH, real TCP, real metering. The repo is open source — read it, fork it, and use Airweb to teach yourself the bits of infrastructure that schools rarely cover.
Reach any region
Hosts on the marketplace are spread across home connections in many cities. Rent a node where your users actually are.
Credits go both ways
Today's host is tomorrow's renter. The same wallet that earns your uptime rewards pays for the leases you take \u2014 no separate billing surface.
The long view: a micro-server socio-economy
The world is full of perfectly good hardware sitting idle \u2014 a billion phones, a hundred million laptops, racks of "obsolete" servers. They have CPU, memory, and bandwidth that today goes to waste. Airweb is the first step toward letting all of that quietly become useful, owned by the people who already paid for it.
today
A handful of hyperscalers
Three logos own most of the public internet. Capacity = a credit card, a console, and a single-vendor lock-in.
Always-on fleets that idle most of the day
Embodied carbon poured into new hardware
One vendor, one bill, one outage radius
~3 vendors
\u2192
tomorrow
A federated, people-powered cloud
Capacity = whatever's plugged in around the world right now. Owned by the people who paid for it, traded peer-to-peer.
Reuses devices that already exist
Capacity scales with how many people show up
No gatekeeper \u2014 anyone can host or rent
millions of nodes
Open-source cloud provider
Hyperscaler-class capabilities don't have to live behind three logos and a credit-card form. Our long-term goal is an open, federated cloud where the "data center" is a coalition of homes, offices, and community spaces.
A real micro-server economy
Credits earned by contributing capacity buy capacity from others. Over time, that loop becomes a real economy \u2014 one where small operators, students, and hobbyists are first-class participants, not just customers.
Greener by default
The most sustainable server is one that already exists. By giving a second life to devices that would otherwise sit idle \u2014 or worse, in a landfill \u2014 Airweb reduces the need to spin up new fleets of always-on hardware just to serve a few requests per minute.
always-on fleet
device you already own
0
new servers
No fleet to provision \u2014 capacity is hardware that already exists
~0 W
idle
Idle tunnels just sit on an SSH socket; no overhead farm
2nd
life
Old laptops, phones, and Pis become useful instead of e-waste
Reuses hardware you already own instead of provisioning new servers.
Capacity appears when devices are plugged in and disappears when they're not.
Smaller fleet \u2192 less embodied carbon, less e-waste, less drain on the grid.
FAQ
What kind of "spare device" actually works?
Anything that can run an
client and stay online: an old laptop, a desktop you barely use, a Raspberry Pi, a NAS, a mini-PC, even some routers. If it can hold an SSH session open, it can be an Airweb node.
Do I need to install anything?
No. Any standard
client works once you've downloaded
. There is an optional Node CLI (
client/airweb.js
) that wraps
with friendlier flags if you want one.
How exactly am I charged?
You're metered by the bytes of public traffic that actually flow through your leased tunnels. Idle endpoints cost nothing. The dashboard shows live earnings and charges in both credits and an estimated USD value.
How do I sign in from another device?
Open
/login
and paste your private key. We never store private keys server-side — your
aw_…
account id is derived deterministically from the public key.
Is the traffic encrypted?
The leg between your device and Airweb is encrypted by SSH. The public leg uses whatever the front door speaks (HTTP on the bare port, HTTPS behind a TLS reverse proxy). For end-to-end TLS, terminate inside your local app and use a raw TCP tunnel.
Can I pick my own subdomain?
Yes — the SSH username you connect with becomes your subdomain (
mysub@
→
mysub.
). Spend credits in the dashboard to claim a permanent handle nobody else can take.
How do I stop a tunnel?
Press
Ctrl+C
in the SSH session or close the terminal. The tunnel disappears from the active list immediately and you stop accruing any charges.
●
tunnel currently active on this host — running on devices people already owned.
airweb · self-hosted reverse ssh tunneling ·
source
